I go is looking back some socks are going to do is we're going to go over how do you post the story
and then what auctions do you have when you're posting them.
OK.
So it's relatively easy although occasionally I'll admit I forget where it is because it's the easiest
thing access in the world.
But for the most part it's pretty dang simple.
You guys have made a story before you have to do this.
Please just skip the lecture.
This is just kind of be redundant you're not going to see anything new.
So the way you do it pretty simply is just go over to the home screen and see at the top left where
you have the camera button.
Now you swipe right and it just goes directly to your camera or you can go up here and click on the
actual camera.
Now the way it works is the same way as posting a photo or a video.
So I could do something very impromptu right now and make a video and then post that to my story.
Now if I want to take a photo I just click it if I want to do video I'd hold it so I did a video like
this.
Worst story ever.
But I'm going to post it so like that.
And then what I have to do is just put plus to my story.
That's pretty much it.
If I wanted to add a video that I already had then what I would just do is click on this little square
at the bottom and then pick say an image that I already had.
So just do a standard isn't he talking.
Great.
Now what happens is it opens up a lot of the different features that you can use.
So let's see.
So for instance you can add a link.
All right.
So for me I can handle it.
That's the reason because my count has over 10000 followers.
So what this basically means is that if I add you to a site like my web site then when people swipe
up and they have a button that says See more at the bottom it takes them to that Web site in a browser
inside of Instagram.
Now this isn't something I regularly use because I'm not promoting any products or anything specific
but if I were selling something that's a great way of doing it I could do a promotion for a new product
somebody even someone to have an affiliate relationship with.
And I put that as if you are out and no one is interested slips up and they automatically go to the
page.
It's a great way to convert people.
Other things you can do is you can and like stickers for instance.
Now stickers are kind of the default way that you tag something.
Believe it or not.
So if I wanted to mention someone I could do a mention if I wanted to add a hash tag so it shows up
with hash tag pages but a hash tag I can also do a location.
Right now I'm in Denver so we could put that.
So anybody who searches for Denver will see this and let's see then I could add.
Do another hash tags say something like You're to me or you go to anybody searching for that can see
more then there are other things that you can add in.
So for instance like polls these are really really effective.
So if I wanted to poll them I could ask a question and then say yes or no.
This is also incredibly strong way of just asking your audience whether or not they like something but
also to get them engaged more.
Right.
So if I post a new post in it's a new invention and I say cool or not or game changing or fake something
like that then people can click yes or no.
You can also do things like you can add in this emoji swipe.
So what you could do is put that down there.
And based on whatever the photo you're showing is they can read it.
All right.
So you often see this it's like models put a new photo up and you have this this slider right there
that someone can slide to show how much they like it.
Typically people put it all the way to the right and you'll be amazed.
It's easily 70 80 percent of people will do that.
So keep that in mind as a mechanism for increasing engagement past that you have things like adding
text.
Now if I just tap the screen I can just add text like hello students and I can change the color.
I can pick a color using this drop or somewhere else on the screen.
I have a lot of other colors like gray scales and flesh tones and things like that.
Also I can go up here and click this way and that will also add one hour.
What you can do is change the font by using these other buttons up here.
So what you can do is click up here to strong.
And what that does change the type of font you're using.
So classic.
That's pretty much the same thing.
It's just not a tablet sized.
And then if I wanted to increase it I have this bar over here for size.
You can do this by pinching as well so don't you know you don't have to do it right here.
Now let's say if I wanted a modern to do neon or typewriter kind of just depends on whatever your content
strategy is whatever form you use.
I try to typically find something that's similar or not.
But keep in mind they keep this simple on purpose.
They don't want you to have super customizable stories because stories are so quick and easy.
So if you want to delete something just grab it hold it and then just throw it right there in the trash.
The other thing you can do here on the top left looks like an A-plus plus.
But really what it is is for a background.
So if I wanted to put a background in clicking like that get rid of it click and that's just one way
of having it stand out and make it a lot easier.
So you can kind of tell that you know if I were a personal account I could very easily just take a photo
of me filming of course and then put hello or whatever as I'm going through it or put a poll with a
question that I might have and that's a great way of kind of bringing people into my world and to get
an affinity for my account.
So that is pretty much it.
Typically speaking people will post multiple ones a day.
So I would do this three or four times a day whatever it is that I want even the photo that I saw.
And then I would just share it there because it's again I don't want to put a lot of thought into posting
it on my regular post-paid then what would happen once I actually posted that it would show up at the
very end wherever I added it.
Currently you can actually re arrange the stories that you posted but it shouldn't really matter.
I mean you can always go back and delete stories and then add them just a little bit of a pain.
OK so that's pretty much it.
That's how you add them the same way you had to post it as opposed to using the post button down here
you just go straight to your camera and then send two or click.
Plus add to my story it automatically adds it it automatically disappear in 24 hours.
And it's always 24 hours since when you posted it.
Right.
So if I posted one thing an hour ago and then another one.
And right now the first one will disappear in 23 hours and this one will disappear in 24 hours so keep
that in mind too.
If for instance your stories need to be played right next to each other to make any sense then you probably
should post them at the same time.
All right guys.
That's it for you.
I walk through a posting a story next lecture what we'll do is we'll post a story on innovation station
and I'll show you one of the ways that I would use it.
All right CNN.